He still has a trump card
Oops, this range, this power
A hundred times better than a shooter
Your Majesty, if our army had this thing
Will be invincible
Father-in-law
The next thing is up to you
The Spring Festival is too short
Xiaoxu is going to the bridal chamber flower candle, eh?
Someone will escort His Majesty back to the palace
Yesterday putty double education seek powder
I really hope that Peng Lan will make another contribution.
I want to make 13 princes
Zhong Aiqing
What's your opinion?
Your Majesty, absolutely not
Standing long, not standing right, not standing enemy
Forgive the thousand-year-old lesson
Unbreakable
I was not the eldest son back then
Your Majesty has never heard of martial arts before
It's a special case
13 Your Highness is far from enough
What if I have to stand?
Your Majesty has made up his mind
Ministers and others naturally support
But too thick
Three days later is the Queen Mother's birthday
Father means to let me perform well
Get his approval
Yes, yes, I have a lot of money to rule the world with filial piety
Prince's seat
He couldn't avoid the approval of the Empress Dowager and his grandfather
Okay, I see, Brother Peng, thank you.
Your Highness, why don't you put the big things first?
Let's deal with the Empress Dowager's Shouchen first
No hurry, a moment of spring supper is worth a thousand dollars
It's not as important as Mrs. Favorite